iceberg_version for Snowflake iceberg tables (#9056)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/core-upgrade/03-upgrading-to-v1.12.md

### Snowflake

> - You can set the [`iceberg_version`](/docs/mesh/iceberg/snowflake-iceberg-support#adapter-properties) config on Snowflake Iceberg tables to control which Iceberg format version Snowflake uses. Set it to `3` to use Iceberg V3, which improves `VARIANT` type support and makes row-level changes more efficient by tracking deletions separately instead of rewriting data. The default value is `2`. You can't change this value after table creation.

Author: ```suggestion
- You can set the [`iceberg_version`](/docs/mesh/iceberg/snowflake-iceberg-support#adapter-properties) config on Snowflake Iceberg tables to control which Iceberg format version Snowflake uses. Set it to `3` to use Iceberg V3, which improves `VARIANT` type support and makes row-level changes more efficient by tracking deletions separately instead of rewriting data. The default value is `2`. Note that you can't change the value of `iceberg_version` after table creation.
```

> - You can set the [`iceberg_version`](/docs/mesh/iceberg/snowflake-iceberg-support#adapter-properties) config on Snowflake Iceberg tables to control which Iceberg format version Snowflake uses. Set it to `3` to use Iceberg V3, which improves `VARIANT` type support and makes row-level changes more efficient by tracking deletions separately instead of rewriting data. The default value is `2`. Note that you can't change the value of `iceberg_version` after table creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can set the [`iceberg_version`](/docs/mesh/iceberg/snowflake-iceberg-support#adapter-properties) config on Snowflake Iceberg tables to control which Iceberg format version Snowflake uses. Set it to `3` to use Iceberg V3, which improves `VARIANT` type support and makes row-level changes more efficient by tracking deletions separately instead of rewriting data. The default value is `2`. Note that you cannot change the value of `iceberg_version` after table creation.
```
